---
title: Vision 100 IT's Approach to Consultancy
author:
 name: Jake Tuit
date: 2016-08-29
---

In addition to our general services and products, members of our team are also available to provide tailored help to ministry leaders and/or ministry admins use IT in the service of the mission of their ministry.  We long to help ministries become efficient and effective by doing things in the clearest, easiest and fastest way possible

**What is a consultancy for?**

A consultancy is a more detailed way to help on a range of issues:

- developing a new IT tool: social media, website
- rolling out Elvanto or equivalent church management software
- marketing, privacy, admin AV or other technical systems
- overall assessment of how you manage information, communication and data

**What options are there?**

There are a few options depending on your needs and budget:

- A series of coaching sessions, whether face to face or online
- A large, 3 day, immersive, on-site process of observation, training and recommenadtions

**What is our consultancy process?**

The process we go through in helping churches in a consultancy is as follows:

- **Initial conversation**: in our initial conversation, we seek to discover the context, history, felt needs and existing strategies of the ministry. After this initial conversation we cover the following areas, with a focus on those which are most significant.
- **Information flow**:the way that information is gathered, updated, shared and erased within the ministry. This also includes attention to conformity with the Australian Privacy Principles and any denominational privacy policies.
- **Alignment**: the way IT is being used works with rather than against your philosophy of ministry, strategy and ministry structures
- **Integration**: all your IT and other tools working together in the most efficient and effective way. Removing any unnecessary steps, improving automation.
- **Training and management processes**: how volunteers and staff are equipped to use IT tools and helped over time to continue to use them well.
- **Feature maximisation**: using IT solutions to get the best possible advantages from them. Discovering features that are not yet being used to their full capacity, using features correctly, avoiding unnecessary features.
- **Communications plan**: how is vision and practical information communicated clearly and consistently to staff, leaders, volunteers, members and outsiders?
- **Updating and assessing**: setting to keep new patterns working well, and planning to regularly assess and improve.
