<div class="text-slab">
  <em><q>Sometimes all you need is a bit of direction. <br /> We will meet you where you are and get you up and running with what you need.</q></em>
</div>
<h4>Vision 100 IT exists to help churches - particularly church IT volunteers and ministry staff - to use IT better. Oftentimes frustrations with church IT will fall into one of these 3 categories:</h4>
<div class="example">
<div class="church-leader text-block-3">
<h3>Overwhelmed pastor.</h3>
<div class="collapse">
We get it. You're a church leader in the 21st Century, realising that you can't avoid being online any longer you've put together a fancy_church.blogspot.com page, but now you're wondering if no website is better than what you've got. It's looking more and more like a sunk cost and it doesn't show up in google anyway. The effort to get something professional up and running just seems too much amidst the weekly sermons and pastoral care. Already an autogenerated Facebook page for your church appeared last June and you're regularly wishing your ministry leaders could remember to CC you into their team emails - but who actually has time to sort through these IT things?
That's where we come in.</div></div>
<div class="church-volunteer text-block-3">
<h3>"Voluntold" victim.</h3>
<div class="collapse">
We've been there. You've been "asked" to put together a webpage for church because you're the youngest and most "savvy" member of the church. They meant it as a compliment, honestly. Your web dev experience extends to your MySpace page back in 2005 where you successfully copy-pasted some html code you found online, and now you've landed the job of dragging your church into the brave new world of Facebook, Instagram, Content Management and Responsive Design. Your pastor sent you a link to awesome_church.com and wants a site just like it. You've mucked around with wordpress but you're struggling to get the office admin to engage enough to keep it updated. You just wish you had a bit of support and some better tools.
That's where we come in.</div></div>
<div class="IT-guru text-block-3">
<h3>Capable. Over it.</h3>
<div class="collapse">
You understand websites and servers and have managed to get something off the ground for church, but it's starting to cost you a bit too much and you're struggling to persuade the eldership that it's worth investing in a more rigorous approach to church IT. Currently your site's up-time solely depends on the computer you have in your spare room being permanently connected to the outside world, but you're moving house in a week and it'll be down until a port becomes available in your new local DSLAM. Could be months. Wouldn't it be great if all you had to worry about was keeping things up to date, rather than keeping it online as well?
That's where we come in.</div></div>
</div>
<p>Vision 100 IT offers a suite of tools, services and training to allow you to utilise IT as an effective tool for ministry. We work collaboratively with your staff or designated church member to develop a tailored website and package of tools to keep your newcomers informed and your ministry teams connected. We provide assistance and training in best practices for tools you already use, and are open to exploring ways to combine your current approach and applications into our ecosystem.</p>
